Hi we within this lecture we are going to see how we can connect this very personally controller with
the second view controller so that we can go back and forth any time we want.
So before we do that what defines which we controller is shown first.
So you see the little arrow on the first few controller right.
So this defines the entry point of our app.
So if I run my app right now I will see the view controller.
OK.
First we have controller because this arrow is here.
So this is first we have controller as we expected.
If I take this arrow and put it in the second view controller if I run this right now I'm going to see
the second view controller.
OK.
So that's how you change your entry point but I don't want to do this I want to use you really start
with the first view controller and then find a way to go to second wave controller anytime I want a
beer in mind that you can change anytime you want.
You can drag this entry point to any controller.
So there are a couple of ways to execute Segway is.
Remember Segway.
We have talked about this this basically the connection between the first wheel controller and second
controller.
So let me create a button over here and we going to make it that.
So when a user taps on this button it will go to second view controller and I'm going to make it in
a way that I'm just going to do it from here I'm not even going to use a code I'm just going to create
the Segway and the main storyboard and this will be some siting methods.
This will be not a living thing.
When a user taps on this it will just take them to the second view controller in order to do that he'd
control and direct the first button to second view controller like this and drop as you can see it creates
a Segway.
So we have to choose Segway type over here.
We generally go for a show and we have some others like present Maudsley and I in most of the cases
you don't want present bodily or you don't want the other.
So I can say grace over here.
The show is very useful when it comes to going back and forth and you're going to see how we can leverage
this.
So if you choose it it will create this arrow that you see and this is the Segway itself.
If you click on the Segway you can see it attributes as in the regular view.
OK.
And in the right hand side you see that it has an identifier you if you want to give it one it.
It doesn't have much really it only has an identifier.
And we're going to need an identifier Reinado to differentiate Segway because we're going to see more
than one.
So I have just connected this button to the second view controller and I didn't do anything else.
If I click on this as you can see takes me to the second view controller in a way that it's pop ups
like this and the user can just take it down any time they want.
So this is cool right.
This is very good.
Animated.
This is practical.
But most of the time you don't see this kind of Segway in apps.
Most of the time you see a bag by them.
You know you two go back and forth between view controllers.
So choose your wheel controller and I'm going to show you how to do that.
Go to Ed and say embed in navigation controller.
So this will bring in a new controller for us and we're not going to see that controller in the real
app as you can see it seems like a new wheel controller but it's actually not it just gives us a navigation
controller and navigation bar inside of our apps.
Now as you can see we have created that navigation bar in the first week controller.
And whenever we Segway from First we have controller to another one the another one will get navigation
bar automatically with a back button.
So this is very very practical and this is what we see inside of apps generally.
So let me run this I show you how it works and you'll love this because it's so practical it's so easy.
If I click on this.
Here you go.
I'm in the second.
If I click back I mean the first.
So this is kind of cool right.
And yeah that's basically it but there will be some times that you don't want to.
Just a sign a Segway to a bottom.
Maybe you want to do something before you go and show information on second controller.
For example if I had to get a name from user and displayed in the second view controller I cannot do
that without writing code right.
So it's not a good way to assign a Segway from a button to a controller.
This is the easiest way but we generally don't pay for it.
We prefer it with code.
So let me create this kind of setup for you so you will understand what I'm saying in a better way.
So let me dragging a text field.
OK so within this text field regrowing together name from user or just a text from user every will try
to display this text in the second view controller.
So I'm going to create another button over here and I'm not going to a sign and new Segway to this bottom.
So let me go to place holder has a name so user will be giving his or her name in here and in this button
I'm going to say next.
So let me make this a little bit bigger and make it central.
OK so here we go.
We have what we need.
And again I'm not going to go and just do the say great thing this time or rather I'm going to place
a label over here and this will display the name.
So this is going to be name.
OK.
Name label and we're going to display what we get in this first week controller and this is kind of
hard right.
Because we cannot reach the variables inside of one have controller from another one if we don't know
what we're doing because they're completely different swift files.
So let me first try and is sign this into our codes as a variable.
OK so let me drag and drop and called his name label or name text.
So this is named text and I'm going to need this but I have not even a sign the other button as an action.
Remember we didn't write any code to show and run the Segway.
Right now we need one because I'm not going to do as I did before.
So let me two seconds view controller because I'm going to define this name label here as well and let
me say.
Name label OK so yeah.
That's basically it.
We have defined our objecting to coding section.
Now are we going to stop here and continue building this Segway app in the next lecture.